Docs restructure (#240)
xmos/lib_audio_dsp: doc/03_dsp_components/modules.rst

DSP Modules List
================

> This a list of all the supported modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This a list of all the modules that can be used independently without the DSP pipeline tool:
```
